Paqua 
Objective: Create a complete website that is responsive, has a moving nav-bar, and has an interesting design. 
Time: About 46 hours


What's the most technically challenging part of this project and why?

The most challenging part was nailing a responsive website. The difference between rem and px was a challenge because one adapts and the 
other is specific. Through media queries, I was able to scale elements and rearrange layouts to improve user experience. 
>> Design matters. I noticed some websites didn't use media queries and had a flexbox that was centered. This saves
code and makes a website neater. 


Realizations: 
•Using words/numbers after class names can help minimize styling. 
•Some website designs are difficult to shrink and most be considered in the starting stage. 
•Most background photos have empty space to draw emphasize and allow words. 


Problems:

Major
•Layouts breaking  
One specific problem was the beginning landing photo. I had display:block and position:absolute. When switching device chrome tools, 
my design would break after a few changes in devices. Sometimes layours broke because due to elements being too wide or being on the edge.
>> I found the problem by toggling attributes, and narrowing the element. I then deleted position:absolute. 

•Nav Bar: words wouldn't fit on smaller devices. 
This is due to design. Having a better design like a hamburger navigation or allowing items to stack in an elegant way would work. 
>> I had to make elements hidden to make the nav bar work. 




Minor

Footer: Layout breaking
•A minor error caused a major flaw: unnessecary width on items. This caused there to be excessive space on the right side of the whole
screen. This would happen if a person kept toggling between mobile devices: surface duo pro, ipad, ipad pro, and iphone x. 
>> I fixed it by finding the root of the problem and then checking section attributes

•No access to Nav Bar Elements
Nav-bar elements are hard to access because I made all them share the same li class. I will have to use individual classes next time and 
use the ul class to bind them. 
>> Adding a number in the front fixed this issue. They are attached to class and individual. 

•Too much code
It came down to design and only using whole classes sometimes. Another realization is code can and will be longer. 


Resources: 

Logo: https://www.ucraft.com/free-logo-maker
Color Pallete: https://coolors.co/ffffff-ffe8d1-568ea3-68c3d4-826251


   

